hi everybody whether you're firing up
the grill fired up for some pal
or filling up the car from one last
summer road trip happy Labor Day weekend
we set aside Labor Day to honor the
working men and women of America in this
labor day we've got more to celebrate
over the past fifty three months our
businesses have added nearly 10 million
new jobs last month for the first time
since 1997 we created more than 200,000
jobs for six straight months and for the
first time in over a decade business
leaders worldwide have declared two
years running that the number one place
to invest isn't China it's America so
there are reasons to be optimistic about
where we're headed and the decisions we
make now will determine whether or not
we accelerate this progress well their
economic gains flow to a few at the top
or whether a growing economy fuels
rising incomes and a thriving middle
class think about it this Labor Day the
things we often take for granted like
Social Security and Medicare workplace
safety laws and the right to organize
for better pay and benefits even
weekends we didn't always have these
things workers and the unions who get
their back had to fight for them and
those fights built a stronger middle
class to build a stronger middle class
in today's changing economy we've got to
keep fighting we've got to fight for the
right to affordable health insurance for
everybody the right to fair pay family
leave and workplace flexibility the
right to a fair living wage let me focus
on that last one for a minute in America
no one who works full-time should ever
have to raise a family in poverty a hard
day's work deserves a fair day's pay and
raising the minimum wage would be one of
the best ways to give a boost to working
families it would help around 28 million
Americans from all walks of life pay the
bills provide for their kids and spend
that money at local businesses and that
grows the economy for everybody the
bottom line is America deserves a raise
but until we've got a Congress that
cares about raising working folks wages
it's up to the rest of us to make it
happen and in the year and a half since
I first asked Congress to raise the
minimum wage Americans of all
walks of life are doing just that 13
states and EC have done their part by
raising their minimum wages for more
states have minimum wage initiatives on
the ballot of this November and the
states where the minimum wage has gone
up this year have experienced higher job
growth than the states that have it
business leaders the companies like the
gap are doing their part they're raising
base wages for tens of thousands of
workers because they know it's good for
business mayor's across the country are
doing their part mayor Emanuel in
Chicago and mayor Garcetti in LA are
working to lift their city's wages
overtime to at least thirteen dollars an
hour I've tried to do my part by
requiring companies that get contracts
with the federal government to pay their
workers a fair wage of ten dollars and
ten cents an hour and earlier this month
the president of Kentucky State
University set a great example by giving
himself a 90 thousand dollar pay cut so
that he could give raises to his lowest
paid employees his sacrifice will give
more of his workers and their families a
little extra money to help make ends
meet that's how America built the
greatest middle class the world has ever
known now by making sure a fortunate few
at the top are doing well but I'm making
sure that everyone who's willing to work
hard and play by the rules can get ahead
that's the bedrock this country is built
on hard work responsibility sacrifice
and looking out for one another as one
united american family so let's keep
that in mind this labor day and every
day have a great weekend everybody
you